The Barclays app
How to register on an iOS device
Once you've downloaded the
app from your app store,
it's really easy to get started.
Tap on ‘I already have an account’.
Next you'll need to enter
a 5-digit passcode
and re-enter to confirm.
Read through the Terms & Conditions
and if you're happy, tap to accept them.
If you've not received
an activation code,
tap ‘No, continue without’.
Next, select ‘Barclays UK current
account’ and tap ‘Continue’.
Now, to register, you’ll need
a mobile number,
your Barclays debit card
and your card PIN.
If you have them, tap ‘Continue’.
Tap ‘No’.
You'll then need to enter the 16 digit
number on the front of your card,
before tapping ‘Continue’.
Enter your mobile
number, tap ‘Done’.
Then tap ‘Continue’.
Enter again to confirm and tap ‘Done’,
followed by ‘Continue’.
Once your details have been confirmed,
you'll need to enter your PIN
for the debit card you entered.
Tap ‘Continue’,
then, enter a meaningful word
to welcome you each time you log in,
so you'll know you're
using the genuine app.
Tap ‘Continue’.
And that's it,
your registration will be complete.
You'll now be able to use biometric login
if available on your device,
review your notification preferences
and take a tour of the app.